https://codepen.io/andrewhpark25/pen/LYVpVEZ?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Semantic HTML gives meaning to the web page 

2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used for the structure of the website

 3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide additional information about HTML elements. 
    Attributes usually come in name/value pairs like: name="value"

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The <H1> HTML tag is the first header tag visible on a page. It is used for the title of a page or post.
    It should only be used once per page. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes 

     input, select

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head> tag

    7. What is an id? 
    
    The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any html elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? One per each element.

    10. What is a class? The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any html elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?  You can use multiple classes on the same element.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add a target="_blank" attribute to the link

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? It specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id? #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? 

    The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. 
 The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document.

    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        element {

        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

   ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? By using .(dot)

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p { }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?

     The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div .sidebar a:link

    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: dotted 1px black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? By using the * selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? You start a comment with /*, and end it with */.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd command

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls command

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    rm <file> command. You have to be careful because once the files are gone, they're not coming back.

    34. Why should I use version control?  You can revert back to specific versions of your code.

    35. How often should I commit to github? As often as you like 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
 
     Create your own repo
     Add your TL as collaborator
     Clone your repo 
     Cd into newly created repo 
     Use git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch name for repo
     Git add, git commit -m "commit message"
     git push -u origin branch-name
     Click your branch name and click new pull request
     Click base repository and change it to be your forked repo 
     Add your TL to the Reviewers and submit pull request
     Don't merge yoiur own pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 

   Inline element doesn't cause a line break and doesn't take up the full width of a page. 
   Block element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width of a page, from left to right.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    
    An absolutely positioned element no longer exists in the normal document layout flow. Instead, it sits on its own layer separate from everything else. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? By changing margin and padding

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    block-level elements : address, nav, p
    inline elements : iframe, img 
    inline-block : display

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 

    The CSS box model is a box that wraps around every HTML element. It consists of margins, borders, padding, and the actual content. 
    It can be a problem because it's bad for responsive and creates fragile layouts. 
    You can fix the problem by using box-sizng:border-box. 

